\1. 請別人幫忙（發文件等等）
 At your convenience, would you please send me.....
 最後加上Thank you for your assistance.

 \2. 尋求意見：
 Our team would appreciate your insights/input on.....

 Due to the short time frame for this proposal, prompt reply is greatly appreciated. 

 \3. 取消會議：
 I want to be mindful of your time and we don’t have any updates at this point; therefore I suggest that we cancel/reschedule today's meeting. If you disagree or need assistance, please let us know.

 My apologies for the late notice, but i need to reschedule tomorrow's call. There remain a few open items we need to address, therefore i will send out a new invite once we agree upon a time.

 \4. 對方發郵件問問題時，回答完加上：Hope this answers your question. Let me know if further detail/explanation would be helpful.

 \5. 會議總結：
 Thank you for making time on a very busy Friday afternoon to join our discussion. i hope we were able to provide clarity on......Attached is a summary of what we discussed today.

 \6. 道歉：
 My sincere apology for this unfortunate situation; I will address to my team immediately.
 Again，please accept my most sincere apology.

 \7. 跟客户分享项目进展以后，建议电话详谈
 Once these final steps are finished, I would suggest having a brief call to discuss our findings and recommendations for next steps. Would you please provide a few times the week of XXX that work within your schedule and I will send the calendar invite?

 \8. 文件打了草稿，请求上司过目
 Attached is the drafted xx file. It is still a work in process but I would like to see if anything immediately stood out to you as odd or worthy of follow-up.

 \9. 分享2个不错的automatic reply,去旅游或者外地开会的时候可以用:
 <p>Thank you for your e-mail. I will be out of the office on vacation from XXX - XXX with no access to e-mails. I apologize for any delay in response to your e-mail. I will respond to your e-mail as quickly as I can when I return to the office on Monday, April 18th. Thanks!</p>
 <p>Thank you for your e-mail. I am out of the office in meetings on XXX and XXX with limited access to e-mail. If you need immediate assistance, please contact me via my mobile phone. Thank you!</p>
 \10. 指点下属
 Thanks for preparing the XXX. I made the following updates to the question responses. We can discuss my thought process when I am in the office on Monday. 

 XXX, good job! I have reviewed the XXX documents and have the following review comments:
 1...
 2....
 (将做好的文件交给老板检查以后，通常会有Review Comments，就是列出需要改的部分）

 \11. 邮件问好 (美国人好喜欢用hope 哈哈）
 周一/二可用：
 I hope that your week is off to a great start. 
 Hope you had a great weekend.
 万能的：
 Hope you’re well/Hope you are doing well.
 I hope this message finds you well.

 PS. If you like this answer, thank you; if not, don't. I REALLY don't give a damn of your opinion.

 以上